# Minutes 2022-09-08

*Attendees:* Richard, Vitali, Matt, Laurence, David A, Tristan, Alex Piskun, Steffen MÃ¶ller

## PMC Update 
The next BOINC Workshop. Interest in BOINC with VMs. Focus on the BOINC community rather than outreach. 

## BOINC AV monitoring service
The results of scanning BOINC files and libraries with different antivirus software can be found [here](https://www.charityengine.com/community/BOINC-AV).
A short discussion on the possibility of scanning the applications followed. 
Matt: How do you get the actual files and not just the installer.
David A: Github, Vitali knows the details. 
Vitali and Matt to discuss offline.

## Client Release Update 
Preference to suspend if load is above a certain level. The method was incorrect.
Preference for number of CPUs or CPU throttle. Should be set differently if machine not in use.[Issue #41](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/41)

Vitali: Additional info on time left not used by default

[Issue #4643](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4643)

To test new week.

David A.: Changes to the vboxwrapper 
Action: Laurence to check the vboxwrapper version on the download page

Vbox memory usage parameter can cause problems if wrong. 
Vitali: Ticket # open.

Laurence: Please note that the systemd file needs updating as it currently breaks VM applications [Issue #3355](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/3355). 

## Server Release Update
[Issue #4643](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4643),  
Action: David A. to fix. Laurence will trigger a release and test on LHC@home. 
David A.: This can be fixed by the configuration as a workaround. 

Discussion on RAM disks.

## Alex Piskun

Alex presented his efforts to collect information on publications relating the BOINC. 

[BOINC wiki page](https://boinc.berkeley.edu/wiki/Publications_by_BOINC_projects)
[Wikipedia edit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_Open_Infrastructure_for_Network_Computing#Projects)
[Info from my site](https://boincsynergy.ca/projects/)
[All BOINC projects](https://boincsynergy.ca/wiki/index.php/Projects)

If you would like to contribute to this activity, please email [Alex](mailto:alpiskun@gmail.com)

David A. Do most acknowledge BOINC?
Alex: No, some acknowledge the volunteers.
Matt: Have you emailed the projects list?

Steffen suggested to publish a paper on this. 

## Community Outreach 
No one present on the call

## Issues/Pull Requests

Already discussed [Issue #4643](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4643) and [Issue #3355](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/3355)
  
Richard: [Issue #4871](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4871) will be well received.
Dicussion on "Not in use detection"

## AOB

The next meeting is scheduled for 6th Oct 18:00 UTC.
