# Minutes 2022-07-07

*Attendees:* Richard, Vitalii, Matt, Laurence

## PMC Update 
There are currently discussion on the future of the PMC. 
The format of the upcoming workshop is being discussed. 
It will most probably be online due to the ongoing difficultly with finding suitable venues. 
This time the focus will shift from outreach to more internal topics.
Feedback and suggestions welcome.

### Update from charity engine
The false flag detection of BOINC via Anti-virus software is being monitored on a daily basis and the results will soon be shown on a public dashboard.

## Client Release Update 
Vitalii stated that v7.20.1 will probably need on more interaction before going public.

## Server Release Update
NTR

## Community Outreach 
No one present on the call

## Pull Requests
  ### [Issue#4643](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4643#issuecomment-1081507271)
  The mismatch between the use of 0 on the client meaning *no limit* and the server interpreting no data and using a 100GB default.
  
  **Action**: Laurence to create a PR for the server to use *no limit*
  
  ### [Issue#3355](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/3355)
  **Action**: Laurence to work with Germano on an update systemd file.
  
  ### [PR#4603](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/pull/4603)
  The new multiattach mode allows a read-only reference VM image to used with only changes being written to a temporary cache image in the slot directory.
  This avoids the copying of the VM image to the slot directory for each new task.
  The feature is currently being tested and roll-out our for the ATLAS, CMS and Theory apps in the LHC@home project. 
  
  ### [Issue#4125](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4125)
  The use of `PrivateTmp=true` in the systemd configuration. 
  
  **Action:** To be included in the revision of the systemd file.
  
  ### [Issue#4151](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4151)
  Server bug: *Runtime of MT tasks underestimated in sched_send*. 
  
   **Action:** To be included in a potential new server release.
  
## AOB

The next meeting is scheduled for 4th Aug 18:00 UTC - we plan for a short meeting with a focus on the issues for a potential server release.
