# Minutes 2022-11-03

*Attendees:* Richard, Vitali, Laurence

Disucssion on OS build support

## Client Release Update 
 * Next week update localization templates
 * Begining of December, build alpha release

## Server Release Update
 * v1.4.0
 * Update localization for server (Transifex script in local)
 * Laurence to coordinate with Vitali 
 
## Issues/Pull Requests
 * Schedular
 * Send Richard Dev server details. 
## AOB

The next meeting is scheduled for 2nd Nov 19:00 UTC.
