# Minutes 2022-06-02

*Attendees:* Richard, Vitalii, Levi, Laurence

## Start Recording (Reminder to Host)

It was decided not to record the calls. 
While recordings for the workshop talks are valuable, it is not necessary for the contributors calls. 
The absence of recording will allow a more free and open discussion.
Minutes documenting the main points, decisions and actions will be made available. 

## Welcome

Round table of introductions

### Organization
It is the contributors calls therefore the contributors should speak up if they would like any changes made on how the calls are run/organized.
We will be using Google Meet rather than Teams.
Over the past two years we have all become more used to video conferencing.
The agenda and minutes will be available in github.
Changes/suggestions can made as a pull requests to the file or a via a direct email to the call organizer (currently Laurence Field). 

## PMC Update 

No one present on the call

## Client Release Update 

Vitalii stated that v7.20.x was nearly ready for Alpha testing. 
The big change is with respect to Windows and the new security libraries.
The internal documentation was restructured.
Another change is the use/support for C++19.
There will also be a new release for OSX.
The clients will no longer rely on the certificate bundles and instead use the system certificates. 

Richard asked if it is still necessary for David to be in the loop for building and releasing the client. Vitalli "yes and no". 
Vitalii has some of the credentials. 

Richard mentioned that the release notes have/had been prematurely published on the Web server which created confusion in the community. 

General discussion the state of the BOINC project/community

## Server Release Update (Laurence Field)

The status of the OS platform for LHC@home is now understood with respect to the CentOS changes.
The HEP community will be using CentOS Stream.
Due to the support lifetime changes, CentOS8 will be skipped and they will move directly to CS9.
A build/test cycle will be started at some point in the near future on this platform.
Laurence said that as far as he understood, there was no pressure for a server release as there were no bugs or features driving the demand.
Vitalii highlighted 4643 ( [Tasks requiring more disk space despite over 300GB free on a dedicated drive](https://github.com/BOINC/boinc/issues/4643) ) and assigned it to Laurence for further investigation.

## Community Outreach 

No one present on the call

## Pull Requests

Vitalii and Laurence to review the list for the next meeting. 

## AOB

The next meeting is scheduled for 7th July 18:00 UTC
